alright so welcome to episode six we had
a little bit of a crash with episode 5
but I went ahead and made it so its own
episode mainly because fraps had stopped
recording and I wasn't sure if we could
recover from where we were or not so I
had a little bit of problems with the
autosave when I was trying to recover
where we were and you know he didn't it
didn't really want to load at first
first time I tried loading it took me to
a skirmish screen and then the second
time I tried loading it crashed the
third time I tried loading it it just it
opened up my my ship browser over here
on the the menu screen which was which
was odd but anyway we are a couple steps
back we still need to upgrade our colony
with four buildings we have a habitat
going up on you Gaara with two frigates
coming out on the build menu there and
then we also have our Taurus over here
building a market and in also a colony
so we're go ahead and continue
so I know that I'm not the world's
greatest player at this game or any Dame
for that matter I'm glad it's imaginate
you on the progress thus far the Admiral
is Jay happy with your performance with
both colonies our production rate is
risen sharply but the resources gained
we should now expedite the
reconstruction of our fleet of course
sir expand your fleet hey we got uh we
got frigates being built right now no
research project that's not good um
let's do the defense let's get some
let's get some defense for our ships and
let's go back to our build I think we
know I just hit OK on that without
reading it oops
oh ok so somebody in my earlier episode
said hey you can right click on it and
it tells you that well by the time i was
actually editing my own ships I didn't
have this particular part of the
tutorial I was jumping the gun there a
little bit but there it is by
right-clicking you can delete the
components had I known that a lot
earlier that would have saved me a lot
of frustration in the ship editor um
making my own ships is one of my
favorite things so I really like that
that feature is in this game I I am a
big fan of that particular ash bank what
is this what's the damage on that that's
twenty the damage on this is 30 range is
60 projectile speed is 20
range is 50 so this has a little bit
longer range will put will put a couple
of these on the front here get a couple
small reactors go back to our guns will
do particle cannons will do one small
engine there one small center there can
put another engine no that is too much
power and we'll call this a will call
this a rocket freig
learn more I wasn't sure if I wanted to
call it just a frigate forget there for
a second so let's go ahead and move on
it should be saved let's let's build a
couple of rows so
so now we'll have four ships built us if
there are 33 turns each that I might
take a while so let's see you
so last night we were playing on we're
playing like some daisy ended up staying
up a little bit later than I had one
intended I saw that that didn't quite
work out the way the way I had initially
planned on but if you haven't tried the
mod before go ahead and search on
youtube for daisy or you can check out a
portion of it in in my youtube channel
however um mine's not very construction
has been completed so um it doesn't
really show you what goes on in Mason
has been completed it shows you some
things should we do shields or armor I
think we should do Sheila's I'm glad you
agreed with me I'm sorry been finished
um lately there's been a lot of people
complaining on the forms Oh about the
state of the day we are ready for orders
and quite honestly that you know a lot
of those complaints are are warranted in
my opinion man pepper um but you know
I'm gonna stick through it I'm not going
to request a refund I believe that
they'll be able to patch
the problems that they're having with
the game what are your orders how can we
assist makeunder is sharing our word
that mean yeah one of the things I like
bartering Ali is some movement on the on
the planets but that's okay that's not a
part of their neighbors yield integrity
is falling quarter received and
understood our shields are low we are
ready for action yes sir carrying out
the order now order acknowledged channel
open waiting for orders steel systems
are getting weak order acknowledged our
shields are low or they confirm this is
omega for
target destroyed aye sir order get her
our heels are low
I don't like out Neptune flies out there
waiting first record quarter received
and understood command target is down I
repeat target is down sergeant is down I
repeat target is down